what's up welcome back to purple place
manliest game man not going to lie to
you last time we did the matching ones
and I couldn't do it so I left um so
we'll try this one over here so we've
got three difficulties beginner
intermediate advanced three features and
three colors let's do it
can you find a new look choose the eyes
nose and mouth me then press the green
check okay going need step Oh sexy Oh a
nose that is yellow is just right for
this fellow red eyes are so perfect on
me you know what bro lied but that's
okay we want you can't see this but we
want alright I'll do that again game how
do we do this option intermediate nice
face shape bro purple hair yellow nice
glucose Wow can use that ready there we
go oh no yes okay here we go
Oh aha
that's the wind is we want to move on
this game it's the note taki going out
going stitches its options advanced
awesome Heather oh yeah or booty shoes
oh my god
Oh green mouth huh purple now oh my god
that's awesome
- wrong one right oh we don't get to
know which one it is now try different
still got one right so it's not their
green I dream on okay so much blue eyes
and those oh that's right
no no it was green mouth maybe the blue
hat no oh god all failing purple shoes
oh man no none of them the right color
- right color and right features so it
must be the shoes my mouth me
nope no it's definitely agree my nose
one the right color but wrong feature
pink eye
yeah we've only got three guests left um
is it the hair I think it's green hair
yeah I know I've only got a few guesses
right cool oh maybe green nose oh no was
it big green Cheers maybe oh did
one green nose
no no no we lost what how do we lose ah
okay
this guy's got a weight face is it I'll
just do a quick sex it ones the right
color on to the right color but the
wrong feature so something is purple
nose Oh Madison at the game um I don't
know right now are you looking at
no how do you made that guess what is
going on
I don't know I meant to be doing
can I win a game where okay
let's try think this through a bit I
tried that combination I'm sure all of
them are four of them a right color but
wrong feature getting messages and also
oh man this games too hard
our children went to do this I don't
forget it
oh right has right head and the eyes are
right so that is right eyes are right
okay pink nose blue mouth cool ones
right green whoa okay so the pink nose
is right purple mo must be the goofy
know why that's right heel alright okay
so we just need the shoes yellow shoes
what yellow fins you saw well Brooke
that is how we do that's how we roll not
going to lie
well I think that's that at least
actually one at this time so it's all
good next time we'll do the cake one
which is just tedious really it's not
even interesting but we'll do it cause
it's for the greater good